.tg  {border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0;}.tg td{border-color:black;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}.tg th{border-color:black;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;font-weight:normal;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}.tg .tg-baqh{text-align:center;vertical-align:top}.tg .tg-hyi1{background-color:#BFBFBF;font-weight:bold;text-align:center;vertical-align:top}.tg .tg-0lax{text-align:left;vertical-align:top}Required servicesPossible business operationRequired supporting documents1. Transport/shuttle service2. Provision of Laptops, printers, servers, and all IT-related accessories 3. Graphic design and branding 4. Publicity and media relations 5. Recruitment agencies (NPO sector professionals, health/medical professionals, fundraising and publicity) 6. Supplier of corporate wear 7. Medical equipment supplies8. Facilities management 9. Stationery10. Courier services  11. Printing and stationery 12. Catering for office meetings and conferences13. Meeting space 14. Conference venues JohannesburgPietermaritzburgDurban1. CIPC -South Africa Company Registration2. Certified ID copies of all directors of the company3. Original Valid Tax Clearance Certificate4. B-BBEE Certificate 5. Stamped Bank Confirmation Details6. Brief Profile of the company (1 Page)7. Proof of Accreditation/Certification (Example Health Certificate for Catering)8. Catalogues or applicable Pricing schedules9. Clear electronic contact details10. In the case of professional service, CVs of relevant staff11. Proof of address12. Brief account of previous experienceSpecial conditions of applications GENERAL 1.1 Proper Applications for the services specified must be submitted. All providers are to take note of the implications of contravening the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act, Act No 12 of 2004 and any other applicable Acts and Regulations. https://www.justice.gov.za/legislation/acts/2004-012.pdfCONDITIONS OF SUPPLIER REGISTRATION. Preference will be given to service providers who have been rated by BBBEE accredited agencies and have submitted their valid BBBEE rating certificates.It is a condition of bidding that a vendor’s taxes must be in order, or a satisfactory arrangement must have been made with the Receiver of Revenue to meet his/her tax obligation. Where consortia /joint venture/subcontractors are involved, each party must submit a separate Tax Clearance Certificate. Please note that the services in the database are classified as commodities and each potential vendor must indicate the commodity/ commodities in which it would like to apply for RFQs.It is important for any applicant to note that the successful registration on the SFH-SA supplier database does not guarantee the applicant any business opportunities. All procurement will be in line with SFH -SA’s procurement policies and relevant legislation. Any registered supplier will be subjected to regular performance reviews. Suppliers will be selected based on quality, ability to deliver on time nationally, B-BBEE Rating, and price. Registration, or full supplier qualification, does not guarantee your business from SFH-SA, nor does it represent a contractual agreement or arrangement in any way. Suppliers will be notified of opportunities through the SFH procurement department as they arise.All interested suppliers must submit their expression of interest and relevant documents to procurement@sfh.co.zabRev('brev-abdc9ecf-56fb-453a-a2de-6f983fadc0d2', '>a/\<az.oc.hfs@tnemerucorp>"az.oc.hfs;46#&tnemerucorp:otliam"=ferh "knalb_"=tegrat a<'). SFH-SA reserves the right to verify all credentials submitted therein, prior to qualifying any supplier as an approved trade vendor. Opening date: 5 May 2020