The initiative recognises that this virus has and continues to impact communities globally. VDX.tv’s video ads will be translated into several languages to reach people across all regions. Additionally, VDX.tv will use its platform’s full capabilities to customise messaging in each city and provide the most relevant information.“During this unprecedented situation, we’re determined to act and help do what we do best: connect with audiences through compelling video messaging and formats,” said Dilip DaSilva, CEO, VDX.tv.  “Video is the best format for brands to communicate with relevant consumers, and the most effective format to inform people across the globe on how to combat and cope with the impact this virus may have on their families and communities.”The VDX.tv format, which stands for Video Driven Experience, starts with video but allows the consumer to interact with the ad and explore additional information. This can be customised based on location. For example, the ad could provide the closest triage or testing centres. It could also provide links to local resources from the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).We’re looking for other corporations, brands, agencies, publishers and spokespeople to join us. To spread the message as widely as possible, we need contributions of inventory or funds to support purchasing paid inventory and spokespeople in each country to record videos to help circulate the message.“I am personally making a $100,000 donation to kick off this campaign. Our company will donate all resources on a pro-bono basis. We have approximately 500 employees and the majority will help with this initiative.” To learn more and help with this initiative, please visit covid-19.vdx.tv.About VDX.tvVDX.tv is a global advertising technology company that is transforming the way brands connect with relevant audiences in today’s converging video landscape. We create video-driven experiences that integrate a brand’s TV and digital messages and empower marketers to captivate viewers, compel action, and convert awareness into a response. We connect the dots between people, devices and households to deliver a more consistent, relevant, and meaningful brand experience across connected TVs and personal devices. Our multidimensional approach to household targeting provides visibility into the entire consumer journey, allowing brands to amplify their message and turn consumers into customers.