We want to arrange your wedding, KZN! We are giving you the opportunity to have your entire wedding arranged for you - with Valentine’s Day set aside for your big day. Best part of it all? We won't need you to lift a finger during the planning stage. All we need is you and your partner!See details on how to enter:  WhatsApp a short video as a couple to 061 8000 700 using #ECRMarryUs.  Tell us why Bongani and Mags should select you for the wedding of a lifetime.  Then keep listening to East Coast Drive.  Winner will be announced on 7 February 2020.  Come on, KZN, let us plan your wedding! See competition Terms and Conditions below:If you are the winning couple, you hand over full control of your wedding to East Coast Radio and its partners.The winning couple agrees that the ceremony will be broadcast live on East Coast Radio, pictures and video content will be shared online and to the press.All content regarding the wedding ceremony is copyright of East Coast Radio.While East Coast Radio will consult with the winners, there will be instances where the stations’ decision will be final.The winning couple will have to avail themselves to East Coast Radio and its partners and the press from 8 February 2020 until 29 February 2020 between 08:00 AM – 18:00 PM.The maximum number of guests, including the wedding party, that the winning couple may invite to the wedding ceremony cannot exceed 50. East Coast Radio and its partners reserve the rights of admission to the wedding ceremony.Consumption of your own food and alcohol will not be permitted in the venue.The bar tab is limited to R5,000 and once reached; all drinks will be on a cash bar basis.Guests can arrive from 14h00 to be seated at 14h30, as both the ceremony and East Coast Drive will commence at 15h00.The wedding reception will be concluded by 21h00, at which point all guests would need to leave the venue.East Coast Radio and its partners will not be held responsible for any injury, death, loss or damage to property or persons.East Coast Radio and its partners are not responsible for the transportation of guests to and from the wedding venue.Contestants must be eligible to marry within the Republic of South Africa.This prize cannot be exchanged for cash or transferred to other parties.